---
layout: post

title: We unite and give help to those who need it.
meta: 12.02.2017
cover_img: 2017.02.12/logo.png
cover_fit: contain

category: news

lang: en
ref: test-post
---

In the beginning of the year 2014 there started the development of some technical advisors for working with Forex. 
From the moment of creating these advisors, they were constantly under improvement, and nowadays some of them are able to upgrade themselves without any help. 
During the monitoring of their activities, programming for Forex became a hobby. 

On 12 February 2017, it was decided to convert this hobby into charity.

Name of the project was chosen in honor of 16th US President Abraham Lincoln.
His honesty and striving became the main characteristics of the project itself.
The word “virus” in the project was taken in order to acknowledge the people with the charity as it is. 

Everyone may help to anyone.
No matter how he will help.
Be it monetary help, or helping with time, physical activities, moral support, anything. 
We start helping each other and thus we unite!

We unite and give help to those who need it.
Anyone has hobby and everyone is able to help with his favorite way of passing free time! 
Someone bakes pies and cakes, another creates computer programs, the third one loves knitting or sewing, the forth one likes invent something, fifth likes to cure people, and someone sings and writes music. 
Any hoppy is capable to help, and help at no charge!

One of the aims of the project is to show the activity of those helping others.

Nowadays “Lincoln virus” helps charity fund “Zhivi, malysh”, which in its turn is engaged in payment for treatment and rehabilitation of sick children, provides help for hospitals and rehabilitation centers.
Step by step “Lincoln virus” started helping those who addressed the project.

8 September 2017 there was created a website of the project which will show how much money was collected and what help was done by the project and its followers. 

One of the first tasks stated for the future – to register the project as the company and make the activity official.


